THE FINAL SECONDS
TICK OF THE CLOCK.
THE GOATS HAVE DONE IT -- 12-0.
A PERFECT SEASON
FOR COACH MARTY DANIELS
AND THE NUMBER-ONE-RANKED
BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE,
AND THEY DID IT BEHIND THE ARM
OF BACKUP QUARTERBACK
ALEX MORAN.
SIMPLY INCREDIBLE.
AND THE --
[ TV SHUTS OFF ]
[ DOORS OPEN ]
[ CHEERING,
INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
CALM DOWN, CALM DOWN.
THEY SAID I COULDN´T DO IT.
THEY SAID I WAS WASHED UP.
WELL, THEY CAN KISS MY ASS,
BECAUSE WE´RE NUMBER ONE!
[ CHEERING ]
WHERE´S MORAN?
HMM?
I GOT TO BE HONEST, SON.
I DIDN´T EXPECT TOO MUCH
FROM YOU TODAY.
BUT YOU PLAYED A HELL OF A GAME.
I´M AS SURPRISED
AS YOU ARE, COACH.
BUT IT ALL WOULD HAVE BEEN
FOR NOTHING
IF IT WASN´T FOR THE GAME-SAVING
GOAL-LINE TACKLE
BY OUR CAPTAIN, THAD CASTLE.
COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME BALL, SON.
[ CHEERING ]
THANK YOU, COACH.
YOU KNOW, THIS MIGHT HAVE BEEN
MY LAST GAME EVER HERE AT B.M.S.
THERE´S A LOT I WANT TO SAY
ABOUT MY CAREER HERE
AND THE SEASON AS A WHOLE,
BUT LET´S SAVE THE WATERWORKS
FOR WHEN THE REPORTERS GET HERE.
ALL RIGHT, BUDDY, LISTEN --
SO YOU´RE JUST GONNA GIVE THAD
THE GAME BALL?
HE´S THE ONE
WHO INJURED MY SHOULDER.
I CARRIED THIS TEAM
THE WHOLE SEASON!
I SHOULD BE GETTING
THAT GAME BALL!
YEAH, SHOULDA, COULDA, WOULDA.
HELL WITH THIS TEAM.
HEY, RADON, WAIT A MINUTE.
THEY´RE GOING CRAZY OUT THERE.
WHO´S GOING CRAZY?
OH, YEAH!
LET´S GO!
GET THAT ASSHOLE OUT OF HERE.
-OH, YEAH! WHOO!
-[ DOOR SLAMS ]
IT´S A RIOT!
[ REV THEORY´S "HELL YEAH"
PLAYS ]
CAN YOU FEEL THAT?
YOU BETTER HOLD ON.
THIS ONE´S ABOUT TO GET BUMPY.
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ HELL, YEAH ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
WHAT THE HELL?
WHAT´S GOING ON OUTSIDE?
IT´S PROBABLY JUST THE MEDIA
TRYING TO INTERVIEW ME.
ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?
YEAH.
[  CHEERING  ]
YOU ARE WITNESSING WHAT APPEARS
TO BE THE BIGGEST SPORTS RIOT
BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE HAS SEEN
IN NEARLY 20 YEARS.
THE LAST SUCH RIOT AT B.M.S.
RESULTED IN $500,000 WORTH
OF DAMAGES, 39 INJURIES,
AND, OF COURSE,
THE WORST TRAGEDY OF ALL --
THE BELOVED
MOUNTAIN GOAT MASCOT
WAS MAULED AND HUNG FROM
THE FOOTBALL HOUSE BALCONY.
I´M JULIA KING,
AND I´M REPORTING LIVE --
OH, MY GOD.
WHERE´S SAMMY?
[ SCREAMING ]
[ CROWD SCREAMING ]
[ LOCK CLICKS ]
WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY
RIOTING FOR OUT THERE?
WE WON!
THE BIGGEST SPORTS RIOTS
IN HISTORY HAPPEN AFTER WINS --
IOWA STATE, MARYLAND, L.A.
I´LL CALL ALEX.
HE´LL COME FOR US.
DAMN IT.
NO SIGNAL.
WHAT MAKES YOU THINK ALEX MORAN
WOULD COME FOR SOMEONE LIKE YOU?
IF HE´S COMING FOR ANYONE,
HE´S COMING FOR US.
-WE´RE PRACTICALLY DATING HIM.
GUYS, ALEX ISN´T COMING
FOR ANYBODY.
HE THREW FOUR TOUCHDOWN PASSES.
HE´S PROBABLY OUT THERE
PARTYING HIS ASS OFF
WITH THE REST OF ´EM.
HE´LL COME FOR US.
I KNOW IT.
I CAN´T TAKE THIS ANYMORE.
I GOT TO GO FIND SAMMY.
THERE´S A GOOD CHANCE
HE´S ALREADY DEAD, MORAN.
YOU SHOULD JUST WAIT HERE
FOR THE REPORTERS.
I´M SURE THEY´LL BE INTERESTED
IN TALKING TO YOU, TOO,
ESPECIALLY IF YOUR FRIEND
IS DEAD.
[  INDISTINCT SHOUTING  ]
YEAH!
[  SHOUTING CONTINUES  ]
MARY JO?
THEY´RE AT THE GOAT HOUSE.
WHAT ARE THEY DOING TO MY HOUSE?
SOMEBODY CALL THE POLICE!
THE POLICE?
DO -- DO YOU SEE WHAT´S GOING ON
OUT THERE?
Y-YES.
THE POLICE ARE USELESS.
THAD, THE ONLY PEOPLE
WHO CAN STOP THEM IS US.
[  INDISTINCT SHOUTING  ]
ALL THE WORK I´VE DONE
TO TURN B.M.S. INTO
A RESPECTABLE INSTITUTION
IS BEING DESTROYED
ON NATIONAL TELEVISION,
AND IT´S YOUR FAULT.
I THINK IT´S ROMANTIC.
US TRAPPED IN THIS ROOM,
DANGER RIGHT OUTSIDE THE DOOR.
ANYTHING COULD HAPPEN.
YOU´RE RIGHT, DEBRA.
MAYBE THOSE MANIACS
WILL BURST IN HERE
AND BEAT US TO DEATH
WITH A BLOCKING SLED.
HOW ROMANTIC!
THIS ISN´T JUST ABOUT SAMMY
AND MARY JO.
IF THE GOAT HOUSE GETS
DESTROYED, WE LOSE EVERYTHING --
THE BEER, THE DRUGS, OUR HOME.
STOP!
YOU HAD ME AT DRUGS.
ME TOO.
THANK YOU, DONNIE.
YOU GUYS ARE GONNA NEED
A BETTER LEADER THAN MORAN.
SO YOU HAVE MY SWORD.
MINE TOO.
GREAT. OKAY.
CAN WE GO?
DO NOT LET OUR TALE GO UNTOLD.
ESPECIALLY MINE.
I GOT THE GAME BALL TODAY, SO...
ALL RIGHT.
COME ON. PLEASE.
[ DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYS ]
SHH!
ALL RIGHT, SO, THE GOAT HOUSE
IS HALF A MILE THAT WAY.
WE CAN SNEAK ACROSS CAMPUS
THROUGH THESE BUILDINGS,
ALL RIGHT?
MORAN, THE DAY YOU SAVE THE GAME
WITH THAT GOAL-LINE STAND
AFTER I FUMBLE
ON OUR OWN 1-YARD LINE
IS THE DAY I START
LISTENING TO YOU.
THERE´S NOTHING TO BE SCARED OF.
REALLY?
[ SCREAMS ]
OH, DID YOU SEE THAT?
Shh!
Don´t move.
[ SCREAMING ]
-B.M.S.!
YEAH!
FOOTBALL PLAYERS.
-FOOTBALL PLAYERS!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING,
SCREAMING ]
GO, GO, GO, GO, GO, GO, GO!
RIGHT HERE, RIGHT HERE!
NO! NO!
-TAKE ME! TAKE ME!
-NO, NO, LARRY!
NO, LARRY!
SAVE THE GOAT HOUSE!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
BRING...OUT...THE...GOAT!
GET THE GOAT!
WHOA!
IF THEY GET THROUGH THAT DOOR,
I´M A DEAD MAN!
THEY´RE SO DRUNK
AND BLINDED BY JOY,
THEY´VE STOPPED SEEING YOU
AS A HUMAN BEING.
TO THEM, YOU´RE JUST THE GOAT.
THEY WANT THE GOAT´S BLOOD.
NOTHING ELSE WILL DO.
I WANT A DYING WISH.
WHAT KIND OF A WISH?
UM...NOT REALLY SURE YET.
SO, WHY DON´T WE ALL
HAVE A DRINK,
AND, YOU KNOW,
WE CAN TALK ABOUT IT?
WELL, THIS BRINGS BACK
OLD MEMORIES, DOESN´T IT?
HOW CAN YOU TWO BE DRINKING
AT A TIME LIKE THIS?
THIS IS OLD HAT FOR US.
WE MET DURING ONE OF THESE.
YOU MET DURING A RIOT?
YEAH. IT WAS MY FIRST YEAR
OF COACHING.
OH, AND I WAS
A FRESHMAN CHEERLEADER.
MY BOYFRIEND WAS PINNED
UNDER HIS MUSTANG
AFTER THE RIOTERS FLIPPED IT.
AND I PULLED HER
INTO THIS VERY LOCKER ROOM.
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO CARES
THAT THIS SCHOOL IS BURNING?
[ SIGHS ]
HE SAVED MY LIFE.
HOW IS THIS HAPPENING?
I TOOK EVERY PRECAUTION
TO KEEP THINGS SAFE.
I EVEN HAD THEM STOP
SERVING ALCOHOL AT HALFTIME.
YOU DID WHAT?
YOU DON´T CUT OFF A STADIUM
FULL OF B.M.S. FANS AT HALFTIME.
ARE YOU NUTS?
I MEAN, NOW THEY´RE DRUNK ENOUGH
TO RIOT,
BUT THEY´RE NOT DRUNK ENOUGH
TO PASS OUT.
DON´T YOU RAISE YOUR VOICE
TO ME, MARTY.
I´M STILL YOUR BOSS.
WARREN, HONEY, LISTEN TO ME.
YOU´RE ALWAYS TALKING ABOUT HOW
THE STUDENTS RESPECT YOU, RIGHT?
YEAH.
YOU NEED TO GO OUT THERE
AND TALK TO THEM, OKAY?
FINE.
DEAN SIMON TO THE RESCUE...
AGAIN.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
NO! NO, LARRY!
HE´S GONE.
FORGET ABOUT HIM.
HE´S GONE, MAN!
NO.
CAN WE GO BACK
TO THE LOCKER ROOM, PLEASE?
NO, WE´VE GOT TO KEEP MOVING.
MORAN´S RIGHT.
HOW ELSE IS THE WORLD GONNA KNOW
THAT I GOT THE GAME BALL?
LET´S GO!
COME ON, DONNIE.
LET´S GO.
WHOA. OH, GUYS,
CHECK IT OUT -- FOOD.
-I HAVEN´T EATEN SINCE HALFTIME.
-DONNIE, WE GOT TO GO. COME ON.
YOU KNOW HOW
MY BLOOD SUGAR GETS!
CHIPS OR CHOCOLATE?
[ GRUNTING ]
COME ON!
WE GOT TO GO, DONNIE!
I GOT IT! I GOT IT, GUYS.
I GOT IT.
[ LAUGHING ]
-OKAY. GOOD.
-I´M STUCK.
WHAT?
ALEX, I´M STUCK.
ALEX! HARMON!
THAD, HELP ME!
-HELP ME!
-DONNIE!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ R&B PLAYS ]
OH, YEAH.
THERE IT IS.
YOU KNOW, THEY SAY
YOU SHOULD LIVE EACH DAY
LIKE IT COULD BE YOUR LAST.
BUT, UH, WE NEVER REALLY DO.
-[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
-[ SCREAMING ]
OH, MY GOD!
HOLY SHIT!
WOW!
GOD DAMN IT!
SAMMY, I KNOW WHAT YOU´RE DOING,
AND I LOVE IT.
WHAT CAN I DO TO HELP?
MARY JO, I´VE GOT EVERYTHING
UNDER CONTROL.
-DON´T YOU WORRY --
-12-0!
[ GRUNTS ]
RIGHT.
YOU PROTECT THE GOAT HOUSE.
I´M GONNA TRY AND GO BANG
THOSE CHEERLEADERS.
REMEMBER, DON´T USE CONDOMS.
THEY´RE A WASTE OF TIME
IN A SITUATION LIKE THIS.
RIGHT.
HARMON, GET THE DOOR.
OH, GREAT, THE BOOK ROOM?
CAN´T WE FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE
TO HIDE?
THIS IS MY LEAST FAVORITE ROOM
ON CAMPUS.
THIS IS THE SAFEST PLACE
ON CAMPUS DURING A RIOT.
NO ONE PARTIES IN HERE.
I CAN´T STOP THINKING ABOUT THE
DRUGS AND THE BOOZE, YOU GUYS.
I MEAN, THE HARDEST PART
IS NOT KNOWING.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
I REMEMBER THE FIRST TIME
I DID SHROOMS.
I WAS 10.
MY UNCLE DENNIS SOLD THEM TO ME
AT MY MOM´S BIRTHDAY PARTY.
I WAS TRIPPING SO HARD,
I THOUGHT THE DEVILED EGGS
WERE TRYING TO SUCK ON MY BALLS.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT?
I LET ´EM,
´CAUSE IT FELT FANTASTIC.
THE FIRST TIME I MET SAMMY,
I THOUGHT HE WAS DEAD.
WE WENT TO SUMMER CAMP TOGETHER.
THE BIG KIDS KEPT DUNKING
HIS HEAD IN THE LAKE
OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
HIS BODY WENT LIMP.
EVERYONE THOUGHT HE WAS GONE.
THEN THE NURSE
GAVE HIM MOUTH-TO-MOUTH
AND BROUGHT HIM BACK.
I FOUND OUT LATER
HE WAS FAKING THE WHOLE THING
SO HE COULD MAKE OUT
WITH THE HOT NURSE.
THAT´S WHEN HE BECAME MY HERO,
MY BEST FRIEND.
I´VE LIVED IN THE GOAT HOUSE
SINCE MY FRESHMAN YEAR.
AND I CARRY THE FLAME
OF ALL THE CAPTAINS
THAT HAVE GONE BEFORE ME.
I WILL NOT LET THAT GO OUT
ON MY WATCH.
SHIT.
THEY´RE STORMING THE LIBRARY.
-GET UP. GET UP.
-YOU SAID NOBODY COMES HERE.
WELL, I DIDN´T KNOW
THEY WERE GONNA FIND US!
MAYBE THEY READ MY BLOG.
YOU GAVE OUR WHEREABOUTS TO THEM
ON A BLOG?
WAIT.
YOU WRITE A BLOG?
HOW ELSE IS THE MEDIA GONNA KNOW
WHERE TO FIND ME?
[ POUNDING,
INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT
THE NATION IS WATCHING.
[ MOANING ]
AS A STUDENT BODY
ARE BETTER THAN THIS.
AND SO I ASK YOU AS YOUR DEAN
TO TURN AWAY FROM --
I FORGOT HOW MUCH I LIKE YOU
AFTER A BIG WIN.
IT WAS THE ONLY TIME
WE EVER GOT ALONG.
[ LAUGHS ]
THAT´S TRUE.
YOU KNOW,
I HAD A HEART ATTACK LAST WEEK.
I KNOW.
I ALMOST DIED.
WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE IF YOU --
IF YOU CALLED ME.
I PRAYED FOR YOU.
DID YOU --
DID YOU TOUCH YOURSELF?
[ LAUGHING ]
[ POUNDING,
INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
[ SCREAMS ]
[ WHISTLE BLOWS ]
IT´S THE LEADER.
-THE LEADER!
-THE LEADER´S HERE.
-LEADER?
OH, SHIT.
LOOK WHO IT IS.
OH, GOD.
OH, THANK GOD IT´S YOU.
WE NEED TO --
WE NEED TO GO TO THE GOAT HOUSE.
WE NEED YOUR HELP.
CAN YOU HELP US?
OF COURSE I CAN HELP YOU.
I´VE GOT ENOUGH TEAR GAS
AND TASERS
TO GET YOU TO THE WHITE HOUSE.
BUT WHY SHOULD I?
YOU GUYS DIDN´T NEED ME
EARLIER TODAY.
OH, COME ON!
WHAT´S IT GONNA TAKE?
I´LL NEVER PLAY A DOWN AT B.M.S.
EVER AGAIN. HOW ABOUT THAT?
I WANT THAT GAME BALL.
WHAT?
NO WAY.
MOVE OUT!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
HOLD ON! HOLD ON! HOLD ON!
LOOK, I´LL -- I´LL GET YOU
SOMETHING BETTER, HUH?
YEAH, IF YOU HELP ME SAVE SAMMY
AND THE GOAT HOUSE,
THE PAPERS
AREN´T GONNA SAY ANYTHING
ABOUT GAME BALLS TOMORROW.
NO, THE HEADLINES
ARE GONNA READ, "GOATS 12-0.
RADON RANDELL SAVES THE DAY."
YOU LUCKY I RIOTED
ALL MY ANGER OUT.
I´LL DO IT.
-GREAT.
-MOVE OUT!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
OKAY, BUT WE GOT TO HURRY.
THERE´S NO TELLING WHAT SAMMY´S
GOING THROUGH RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
COME ON, ALEX.
WHAT´S TAKING SO LONG?
HOW DO WE EVEN KNOW
THEY´RE GONNA KILL SAMMY?
YOU THINK WHAT´S GOING ON
OUTSIDE THIS DOOR IS A JOKE?
IF WE SLEEP WITH HIM,
IT´S ONLY GONNA BE OUT OF PITY.
IS HE GONNA BE OKAY WITH THAT?
I WOULDN´T HAVE IT
ANY OTHER WAY, LADIES.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
AAH!
NOW, QUICK -- GET UPSTAIRS
AND BANG MY BROTHER.
OKAY.
GO, GO, GO.
THANK YOU.
YOU CAN THANK ME
WHEN YOU´RE DONE LAYING PIPE.
WHEN I WAS 24 YEARS OLD,
I HAD NO IDEA THAT THIS --
12-0!
FOR GOD´S SAKES!
WHOO!
[ GRUNTS ]
YOU´RE PRETTY GOOD AT THIS.
I´M FROM DETROIT.
OUR SPORTS FANS
INVENTED RIOTING.
WHERE´D YOU GET THE POLICE GEAR?
UH, FROM A POLICE OFFICER.
HARMON!
-STOP THE CART!
-NO, NO, NO, NO.
YOU GOT TO KEEP GOING.
YOU GOT TO KEEP GOING, MAN.
IF WE STOP, IT´S OVER.
GO, GO, GO, GO!
GO!
SAVE THE GOAT HOUSE!
SAVE THE DRUGS!
[ SCREAMING ]
LET´S GO, BITCHES.
♪ WHAT YOU GONNA SAY NOW? ♪
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
AAH!
THAT´S MY TIT!
[ SHOUTING CONTINUES ]
♪ WHAT YOU GONNA SAY NOW? ♪
HURRY, SAMMY!
ALL RIGHT,
YOU TWO ARE KISSING EACH OTHER
AT THE END OF THE BED,
STARING AT ME.
YOU, YOU´RE IN THE CORNER
TOUCHING YOURSELF,
WATCHING THEM WATCHING ME
GETTING DOUBLE-TEAMED
BY KATE AND KARA.
MAYBE WE SHOULD HURRY THIS UP.
YEAH, UM...
IT´S MY DYING WISH, KATE.
AND I KIND OF WANT TO
GET THIS RIGHT.
SO MAYBE WHEN YOU´RE
ABOUT TO DIE,
YOU CAN HAVE YOUR OWN FANTASY.
YOU TWO, START KISSING EACH
OTHER AT THE END OF THE BED.
YOU, GET IN THE CORNER
AND START TOUCHING YOURSELF.
AND YOU TWO, GET ON TOP OF ME.
THE REST OF YOU,
JUST FILL IN WHERE YOU SEE FIT.
AND ACTION.
♪ WHAT YOU GONNA SAY NOW? ♪
[ SCREAMS ]
[ GIRLS SCREAMING ]
♪ WHAT YOU GONNA SAY NOW? ♪
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ PANTING ]
THEY´RE ANIMALS.
MARTY...
YOU´VE GOT TO TALK TO THEM.
THEY RESPECT YOU.
YOU CAN PUT A STOP TO THIS.
GET ON YOUR KNEES.
EXCUSE ME?
GET ON YOUR KNEES
AND ASK ME AGAIN.
MARTY, WILL YOU PUT AN END
TO THIS RIOT?
LET ME THINK ABOUT IT.
WAIT A SECOND.
WHERE´S DEBRA?
DEBRA, WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING UNDER THERE?
WE´RE IN LOVE.
SORRY, BOSS.
SHIT HAPPENS.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING,
DRUM BEATING ]
[ SCREAMING ]
SAMMY!
SILENCE!
LET´S HANG THE GOAT!
[ CHEERING ]
HANG THE GOAT!
[ ELECTRICITY CRACKLES ]
BACK UP!
SAMMY! SAMMY!
WHAT WE ACCOMPLISHED TODAY
WAS GREAT,
AS A TEAM AND AS A SCHOOL.
AND WE DID SOMETHING THAT
EVERYBODY SAID WAS IMPOSSIBLE.
WE FOUGHT AND WE CLAWED OUR WAY
OUT OF THE ABYSS
INTO THE PROMISED LAND.
♪ ...TWISTING ♪
♪ GOING FURTHER FROM HOME ♪
AND WE DID IT NOT BECAUSE
WE BECAME CHAMPIONS AGAIN,
BUT BECAUSE WE REMEMBERED
WE ALWAYS WERE.
♪ NO TOUCH, NO FEEL ♪
♪ YOU TAKE, YOU STEAL ♪
♪ YOU´RE SLIPPING ♪
♪ INTO PATTERNS AGAIN ♪
♪ ANOTHER NIGHT OF CIGARETTES
AND SHORT BREATH ♪
♪ IT´S HARD TO KEEP IT HOLY ♪
♪ I TRY TO KEEP IT CLEAN ♪
♪ BUT HONESTY IS WEARING THIN ♪
♪ DON´T MAKE ME GIVE IN ♪
♪ IT WENT TOO FAR ♪
♪ IT LEFT US SCARRED ♪
♪ AND YOU´VE COME APART ♪
WE DID THIS TOGETHER AS ONE.
AND AS ONE, WE WILL CELEBRATE
WHAT WE ACHIEVED.
IS HE GONNA BE OKAY?
I MEAN...
HE´S GONNA NEED A MIRACLE.
WE KNEW YOU´D COME FOR US.
♪ DON´T MAKE ME GIVE IN ♪
♪ IT WENT TOO FAR ♪
♪ IT LEFT US SCARRED ♪
EXCUSE ME.
♪ IT WENT TOO FAR ♪
♪ FAR FROM THE START ♪
♪ AND CHANGED WHO WE ARE ♪
YOU SAVED MY LIFE, MAN.
RADON, GIVE ME BACK
MY GAME BALL.
-HEY, HEY --
-GIVE ME -- GIVE ME --
UNDER ONE CONDITION --
IF YOU PROMISE TO COME BACK HERE
WITH ME NEXT YEAR
AND HELP ME
TEAR THIS SCHOOL UP AGAIN.
HEY, WE COULD BE A DYNASTY, MAN.
YOU HAVE MY WORD.
THAD CASTLE, RADON RANDELL.
A FEW WORDS ABOUT
WHAT´S HAPPENED HERE TODAY.
YEAH, IT´S REALLY BEEN
A WHIRLWIND KIND OF A DAY.
TODAY REPRESENTS THE REBIRTH
OF BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE.
WE ROSE FROM THE ASHES.
AND SOMETIMES YOU HAVE TO COME
TO THE BRINK OF DESTRUCTION
BEFORE REDEMPTION
CAN BE TRULY EARNED.
THANK YOU.
YEAH!
WHOO!
I DID IT! I DID IT!
ALEX!
MARY JO!
♪ IT WENT TOO FAR ♪
OH, MY GOD.
SAMMY, UH, WE WERE GONNA TELL
YOU, I SWEAR TO GOD.
YES!
-YES!
-YEP, OKAY.
OH, THIS IS GREAT.
AND NOW THERE´S ONLY ONE
OTHER THING I HAVE TO SAY YOU,
BLUE MOUNTAIN STATE.
12-0!
[ REV THEORY´S "HELL YEAH"
PLAYS ]
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ HELL, YEAH ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "HELL" ♪
♪ GIVE ME A "YEAH" ♪
♪ STAND UP RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ HEY, HEY, HEY, HEY ♪